SubjectTitle=Complex Contracts

Interviewee.Name.Full=

Leaders=

LessonPlan.0.sec="Complex" contracts and related documents form a kind
of peer-to-peer common law of business.  Working them is a significant
part of the activity of "transactional lawyers" in larger firms, as
well as the daily bread of much of the rest of the legal profession.
We focus on the failings of Word-based collaboration in other
sections.  In this one, we will focus purely on best practices in
drafting these documents.

LessonPlan.1.sec=The expert will chose among complex documents such as
Master Service Agreements, Acquisition of a Business or complex
licensing.

LessonPlan.2.sec=We will examine best practices, the ways in which
lawyers have a kind of "programming" approach based on defined terms
and schedules, the pervasive problems of ambiguity and unanticipated
meanings.

LessonPlan.00.sec=Create a report to the ALI on the possibilities of
code-based codification.

/=Make this number correspond to the number of LessonPlan.*.sec=

LessonPlan.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

Reading.1.sec="Precision's Counterfeit: Or the Problems of Complex
Documents", Howard Darmstadter, ABA Business Lawyer.

Reading.2.sec=The Tech Contracts Handbook: Cloud Computing Agreements,
Software Licenses, and Other IT Contracts for Lawyers and
Businesspeople, David Tollen, https://www.amazon.com/Manual-Style-Contract-Drafting/dp/1614388032

/=Correspond to number of Reading.*.sec=

Reading.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

/=Leave - this inherits the course template.

=[G/BrownEdu/GISP-Application/Demo/GISP_Fusion_Law_Code/Week/Template/0.md]
