/=This is the frame of a Brown GISP/ISP application.

/=DUMMY VARIABLES: These are dummy variables for the weekly schedule.
The dummy variables reduce rendering time bz missing variables are
handled very inefficiently.  In an actual application, will replace
these with 14 weeklies, each prefixed with "Syllabus.*." .

Syllabus.1.Week.#=1

Syllabus.2.Week.#=2

Syllabus.3.Week.#=3

Syllabus.4.Week.#=4

Syllabus.5.Week.#=5

Syllabus.6.Week.#=6

Syllabus.7.Week.#=7

Syllabus.8.Week.#=8

Syllabus.9.Week.#=9

Syllabus.10.Week.#=10

Syllabus.11.Week.#=11

Syllabus.12.Week.#=12

Syllabus.13.Week.#=13

Syllabus.14.Week.#=14


SubjectTitle=Intro

Week.StartDate.YMD=2018-09-01

LessonPlan=Lesson Plan

DailySchedule=Daily Schedule

Leaders=Leaders

IncludeTheTable={Student.Sec}<br>{Faculty.Sec}

Student.Ti=Students

Student.sec=List Students

Student.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

Faculty.Ti=Faculty

Faculty.sec=List Faculty

Faculty.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

PageEffort=PageEffort

OtherEffort=OtherEffort

Assignments=Assignments

Readings=Readings

Bibliography=Bibliography

/=END OF DUMMY VARIABLES


Ti=Independent Study Application

[Delete this page before submitting]
	                         [do not type directly on this doc; download/save to your drive]

Dear scholar, 

This is an opportunity to make your own course. Specifically, independent studies are an academically rigorous way to learn about specific interests otherwise not offered at Brown. This is a unique chance to pursue your passions, work closely with interesting people, and create something of your own. 

This application form is for Group Independent Study Projects (GISP), Independent Study Projects (ISP), and Academic Internships (AI). In total the application takes about 10 to 12 hours to complete. The deadline for proposed spring courses is the second Friday of November, and the second Friday of April for fall courses. 

There are six sections in this application. Each section has a short breakdown in blue text and example text in italicized font. Please delete the italicized parts as you go, but leave in the blue text. The blue text text will be helpful as you re-edit your document, and helpful to us when we give you feedback later. 


0.0.sec=Before you begin, the following is mandatory:

0.1.sec=Schedule an appointment with an Independent Study coordinator at the CRC. Come with an idea or a very basic outline of your course. This will boost your chances of creating a successful application. 
To schedule an appointment email independent_study@brown.edu.
Applications without a coordinator meeting will not be considered. 

0.2.sec=Read the Independent Study FAQs found here. 

Submission Instructions
Please send your application as a Word Document to independent_study@brown.edu. Title your document Title_Semester/Year. For example, TransgenderStudies_Fall2017. Your submission should include a) your application, including the faculty statement, and b) supplemental material, if needed. 

Good luck! And may the independent study force be with you. 
And as always, please reach out (email above) with any questions. 

With care, 
Your GISP Coordinators & CRC Director
(revised Fall 2017)


0.3.sec=<h2>{ISP/GISP/AI}: {Title of your GISP}</h2>

0.4.sec={GISP.Semester}, {GISP.Year}

0.5.sec={IncludeTheTable}

0.=[G/Z/paras/s5]

General Information
(G)ISP or AI Title Entry for Permanent Record [ideally, keep to 22 characters, the character limit for official transcripts]


Number of Meeting Hours / Week


Student Coordinator Name


Student Coordinator Email


Faculty Sponsor Name & Title


Faculty Sponsor Email


Faculty Sponsor Department




Is this a Language GISP?


Is the course mandatory S/NC?






Participants
In alphabetical order by last name, list those students intending to enroll in the (G)ISP or AI.
No additional students can be admitted to the course after the proposal is submitted.


Last Name


First Name
Semester
Level
(1-9)
Banner ID



Grade Option
(S/NC or ABC)
Campus Box
Email address


Waitlist
Only fill this if the above list exceeds 20


Last Name


First Name
Semester
Level
(1-9)
Banner ID



Grade Option
(S/NC or ABC)
Campus Box
Email address


1.Ti=What 

Please explain your course/AI by addressing the following (500 words max): 
First paragraph: 

1.1.1.sec={Purpose of your course} 

1.1.2.sec={Guiding questions}

1.1.3.sec={Goals of course} 

1.1.=[G/Z/paras/s3]

Second paragraph: 

1.2.1.sec={Context.Sec}

Context.Ti=Scholarly Context

Context.sec=What is the scholarly context of your course (how is it studied elsewhere)? 

Context.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

What themes or topics will you examine, and how will you do so week to week? 

1.2.2.sec={TopicsWeeklySchedule}

1.2.=[G/Z/para/s2]

Third paragraph: 

What is the structure of your course (hours, assignments, midterm/ final, etc.)? 

1.3.sec={CourseStructure}

1.=[G/Z/paras/s3]

Use the following example as a guide: 

The purpose of this independent study is to ask how people have used art to care for others. What is
care? What is art? Can art be a way of caring for other people? If so, how does the giving of care through
art play out in the real world? How has it succeeded and failed, for example in bettering people’s
material and political conditions? How has it offered people sources of strength when change is not
possible? Our goal is to develop our own answers to these questions. We will explore how art does and
does not constitute a form of care through the literary arts (poetry, literature), film, and music. 

Our scholarly context is not a specific academic field, but a conglomerate of thinkers and art makers
who are concerned with the question of how art does and does not “work” as a way to care for others.
We look at American traditions of art inspired by the Romantics (for example, the poetry of Emily
Dickinson). We will explore the politically radical aesthetic theories these western traditions gave way
to—thinkers like John Dewey, Walter Benjamin and Simone Weil. We will examine how this art evolved
into our contemporary context, looking particularly at artists who simultaneously participate in and
refuse the western tradition, such as Kendrick Lamar and Young Thug, whose work is seen by millions
and emerges from contexts of black communal struggle and black living. We will extend our inquiry to
art across the globe, particularly looking at contemporary cinema and aesthetic theory in the Middle
East that responds to American Settler Colonialism abroad. Through this complement of sources, we will
address specific topics including how art can be a way of caring (A) for the self (B) for a relationship (C)
for community (D) for political struggle, and (E) for a spiritual or religious calling.

This independent study will explore these questions through papers, weekly readings, written
responses, and meetings with Professor Keach. It will require, in total, about 205 hours of time. Weekly
3 meetings will be thirty minutes to an hour (7.5-15 hours total). I will spend two hours a week on written
responses which put the text’s arguments in conversation with our central questions (30 hours total). I
will email Professor Keach my responses each week. Readings will take 8-10 hours each week (120-150
hours total). At the mid-term of the semester, I will produce a 10-15 page paper (20 hours total). At the
end of the semester, I will produce a thirty to 15-25 page paper on a topic to be chosen in conversation
with Professor Keach (25 hours).

Please explain your rationale for your course/AI by addressing the following (350 words max): 
First paragraph: 

2.Sec={Rationale.Sec}

Rationale.Ti=Rationale for the Course

Rationale.sec=<ol><li>{Importance.Sec}<li>{CourseGap.Sec}</ol>

Importance.sec=<ol><li>{Impact.Sec}<li>{Attraction.Sec}</ol>

Importance.Ti=Importance

Importance.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

Impact.Ti=Impact

Impact.sec=Why this (G)ISP/ AI subject matters to the world?

Attraction.Ti=Attraction

Attraction.sec=Why this (G)ISP/AI subject is important for you. 

Impact.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

Attraction.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

CourseGap.Ti=Course Gap

CourseGap.sec=Name 2 (G)ISPs that are similar/ address how your course fills
in the gaps of knowledge [GISPs may not duplicate word-for-word previous GISPs, or regular course offerings]

CourseGap.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

Rationale.=[G/Z/ol/Base]

Second paragraph: 




2.=[G/Z/ol/2]

3.Ti=How

3.1.Ti=Evaluation

Please explain how your course will be graded by addressing the following: 

Assignment/class breakdown (percentages) 

3.1.sec={EvaluationPercentageTable}

Assignments should demonstrate a mastery of the material / align with your learning objectives

Explain each course requirement, include percentage, details, due dates 

3.2.Ti=Explanation

3.2.sec={EvaluationExplanation}


3.3.Ti=Meeting Times 

3.3.sec={MeetingTimes}

Syllabus.Ti=Syllabus

Please provide a detailed breakdown of your course by addressing the following/week; see the Sheridan Center’s guide for creating a syllabus:  
Week # (at least 14 weeks): Title // Date // Total Hours // Assignments 

3.4.Sec={Syllabus.Sec}


Syllabus.1.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.2.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.3.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.4.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.5.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.6.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.7.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.8.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.9.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.10.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.11.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.12.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.13.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.14.Sec=Schedule for the Week

Syllabus.=[G/Z/ol/14]

3.=[G/Z/ol/4]


4.Ti=Reflections and Expectations
Please explain your planning process by addressing the following:  

4.1.Ti=How did each person contribute to the making of this course (syllabus, bibliography, etc)? 

4.1.sec={StudentIndividualContribution}

4.2.Ti=Why is your Faculty Sponsor the right choice, and how did they contribute thus far? 

4.2.sec={FacultySponsorPraises}

4.=[G/Z/ol/2]


5.Ti=Faculty Sponsor Statement(s) + Optional Instructor Co-Sponsor Statement

5.sec={FacultySponsorStatement}

Please copy and paste your Faculty Statement (found here) responses on to this document, including: 

What will be your role as Faculty Sponsor/Advisor? How often will you meet with the participants?

Please describe the work that each student will submit to you for evaluation.

Have you seen the final copy of the proposal?

[Include signature]


6.Ti=Supplements 

Please include additional supplements required for language GISPs/ Academic Internships: 
Supplements can be found here, including: 
Language supplemental form, AI supplement form, Field trip waiver.  

6.sec={Supplements}

=[G/Z/ol/6]
