Ti=Interfaces

0.sec=How to use, make and modify Prose Objects.  Most of "transacting" will take place in transacting systems - payment systems, e-commerce, contract management systems, etc. These will be based on <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface">API</a> calls.
 A small but critical type of use will resemble current legal practice of document handling, in what might be called "native" use.

1.Ti=Native Use

1.0.sec=How to make it easy for non-programmers to use programming tools and methods to find, use and create open source solutions to transacting and other non-programming domains.

1.1.Ti=Git, text editors, file managers, <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_development_environment">IDEs</a>

1.1.sec=The system can be used natively like coding.  This may be appropriate for heavy lifting, e.g., the coders might have worked out some pretty good ways of working.  Currently, it is the main way to use the system.

1.2.Ti=Browser

1.2.sec=Currently, files can be edited in any browser.  But you can rename a file, create a new one, do search and replace, etc.  You can do many of these things on the GitHub site using the browser.  We should have a much more supple browser-based editing environment.


1.3.sec=The use of <a href="index.php?action=doc&file=G/BrownEdu/GISP-Application/Demo/SemanticComputing-2018-Fall/Topics/Tool/Git/0.md">Git</a>

1.=[G/Z/ol/s3]

2.Ti=APIs

2.sec=Payments, e-commerce and enterprise contract management systems all need to access and use standardized legal text.  Most of these uses will be very simple reads from Prose Objects, but they should also allow writes so that the Cod(e) can be improved.

=[G/Z/ol/2]
