This is from BJ:

A couple minor notes:

BJ.Ti=BJ Contributions

BJ.1.0.sec=There are a couple typos in the "Purpose of the Course" paragraph. Here is the updated/revised second paragraph (feel free to disregard my grammatical/wording suggestions and keep the original):

BJ.1.1.sec=In particular, we will explore the "Prose Objects" semantic computing model that is at the intersection of legal codification, smart contracts and distributed data models. We will study the impacts and implications of this model in the context of law theory, management and governance. This model is defined by the creation of decentralized, privacy-preserving wikis of automated legal "objects," that can be tailored for every situation. The principle is to specify new cases simply by referencing existing ones and marking the discrepancies. We will also define terms such as smart contracts (code that automates transactions), distributed data models (data stored across several systems), wikis (founded on the principle that anyone can expand any piece), "prose objects" (a method of handling lists to create full texts that permits non-coders to code as structure texts).

BJ.1.2.sec=I think since we are analyzing prose and how to represent in a machine-readable way, that natural language processing is more relevant than programming languages. Likewise, since blockchains are going to be extensively discussed, if we could get Professor Herlihy (currently teaches the blockchain seminar I'm in) as an additional faculty advisor, that might be helpful. In addition, there was a seminar led by Tim Edgar that discussed the intersection of law, privacy and computing. It might be worthwhile getting him to speak during a class one week as one of our interviewees.

BJ.1.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

BJ.2.sec=As for possible contributions, I was thinking other topics that could be added, would be maybe incorporating machine learning to help find the similarities between cases. This would require building up a database of past law cases, and then using machine learning to train the model into finding the relevant cases that go beyond superficial similarity. Likewise, I could also help present the week that we discuss blockchains/smart contracts as I am currently in the blockchain course. I think it would also be worthwhile to spend a week discussing context-free grammars and the regularity of languages, in order to focus on how we will create/code up a grammar to represent legal documentation. As I was a TA for CSxxxx (along with CH and MT, who I believe are also thinking about taking this course), I believe the three of us could also help present this topic to the class.


BJ.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

DT.Ti=DT Contributions


DT,0.sec=Something that I believe would be really cool to add is under the subject matter: guiding questions. 

DT.1.sec=Data analytics in Law. How do we use data and statistical methods to discern instances of discrimination in the legal code? How can we use data to evaluate the effectiveness of certain laws?

DT.00.sec=Hopefully, this is what you were looking for. Lemme know if I need to edit/change it or do anything else.

DT.=[G/Z/ol/s1]

CH.Ti=CH Contributions


CH.1.sec=I would suggest making lab completion 15% and class participation 45%.

CH.2.sec=There is a lot of work done on this front with the field of Digital Humanities. I think there would be value in having someone from the Center of Digital Scholarship or and English professor with a focus on digital humanities come speak.

CH.3.sec=Both the praxis and theory of this style of law is predicated on Western, Anglo formalism. I think it would be immensely valuable in looking towards Indigenous legal systems and comparing and contrasting and considering how code can play into that.

CH.=[G/Z/ol/s3]

Ti=Contributions

sec=<ol><li>{BJ.Sec}<li>{CH.Sec}<li>{DT.Sec}</ol>

=[G/Z/ol/Base]
