SubjectTitle=Consumer Protection

Interviewee.Name.Full=

Leaders=

LessonPlan.0.sec=The American Law Institute, the leading organization
for the improvement of law in the US, and the publisher of the
"Restatements of the Law" has a project on Consumer Contracts, in
draft form, as part of the cycle of approval of Restatements.  The
conclusion of the "Reporters" was that US law provides very little
toe-hold for improving the fairness and transparency of consumer
contracts, generally.  However, an approach based on sharing templates
and other information could be much more effective.  The
president-emeritus of the ALI has suggested this as a path to connect
codification efforts based on Prose Objects with the codification
efforts of the ALI. 

LessonPlan.1.sec=The ALI Restatement of Consumer Contracts.  The very
limited protections of US law.

LessonPlan.2.sec=The concentric organization of Restatements - Rule, Commentary,
Reporters' Notes, Annotations. 

LessonPlan.3.sec=The impact of codification and of data analytics put
to the benefit of consumers.

LessonPlan.00.sec=Create a report to the ALI on the possibilities of
code-based codification.

/=Make this number correspond to the number of LessonPlan.*.sec=

LessonPlan.=[G/Z/ol/s3]

Reading.1.sec=The Restatement of Consumer Contracts, draft and
Reporters' Notes.

Reading.2.sec=TBD

/=Correspond to number of Reading.*.sec=

Reading.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

/=Leave - this is inherits the course template.

=[G/BrownEdu/GISP-Application/Demo/GISP_Fusion_Law_Code/Week/Template/0.md]
