SubjectTitle=Open Source Transacting Systems

Ti=Week 1

Interviewee.Name.Full={Person.JGH.Name.Full}

Leaders={Person.GTH.Name.Full}

LessonPlan.0.sec=Overview of Open Transacting Systems, including Blockchains, Interledger, Accord Project, OAuth, User-Managed-Access

LessonPlan.1.sec=Fundamental and pervasive problems of law, transacting and governance can be radically improved by applying long-standing methods and tools from open source software development.

LessonPlan.2.sec=Richard Stallman’s legal regime of open source licensing, Linus Torvald’s “git” decentralized collaboration tool, and the software paradigms of “objects,” “graphs,” and “prototype inheritance” can transform a system characterized by opacity, cost and doubt into a public good providing clear, commented, efficient, converging pathways for nearly all legal settings.  It will connect progress in AI/NLP and payment systems (e.g., blockchains) into a kind of “federated” system of wikis, based on git, truly decentralized, preserving privacy and autonomy.  Radically reducing much of the need for hubs and aggregation of data, as contract and infrastructure efficiency reduces the size of the firm (Coase) and the marginal effect of larger data sets declines.

LessonPlan.00.sec=How should such a system be designed, and be governed?  How to maximize beneficial effects and minimize negative ones?  What are the paths to adoption?  The impacts?  The productive activities that become much easier?  Will all of IT “converge” on an open source, standards-based, comprehensive platform?  What are the impacts of legal and political pressures such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation and the EU Payment Services Directive?

LessonPlan.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

Reading.1.sec="Code is Law" - Lessig, at least the Harvard Magazine article from 2000, perhaps the book.  The hidden impact of infrastructure and algorithms.

Reading.2.sec=Precision’s Counterfeit, the Failures of Complex Documents and Some Suggested Remedies.  ABA Business Lawyer.  Darmstadter, Howard. https://www.jstor.org/stable/25758526

Reading.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

=[G/BrownEdu/GISP-Application/Demo/SemanticComputing-2018-Fall/Week/Template/0.md]