SubjectTitle=Rule of Law

Interviewee.Name.Full=

Leaders=Watson Center??

LessonPlan.0.sec=The rule of law can be significantly reinforced by codification, both directly by making legal systems more transparent, and indirectly by making it easier for organizations such as large companies to audit compliance, for instance via sustainability and anti-corruption measures. Beyond legal systems, specific applications include voting in elections.

LessonPlan.1.sec=EcoVadis/IACCM sustainability, and efforts like the anti-bribery policy on the EcoVadis site. How to work with supply chain architects to incorporate sustainability into design.

LessonPlan.2.sec=Compare how current policy offices draft and create legislature (even model off of the RI Senatorial Policy office) and how that system can be improved via computational law. How can we write documents that comply with state/federal law and can be used?

LessonPlan.3.sec=Smart contracts and their application to elections and voting (modern relevance follwing the 2016 election meddling in the U.S.) Can revolutionize and reduce corruption in elections worldwide.

LessonPlan.00.sec=Issue to consider or project to accomplish


/=Make this number correspond to the number of LessonPlan.*.sec=

LessonPlan.=[G/Z/ol/s3]

Reading.sec=Readings.  Jeffrey Sachs?

/=Correspond to number of Reading.*.sec=

Reading.=[G/Z/ol/s2]

//Reading.1.sec=A Smart Contract for Boardroom Voting with Maximum Privacy -- Analyzes the use of blockchains to make voting more secure, faster, increase voting turnout, etc. https://eprint.iacr.org/2017/110.pdf

Reading.=[G/Z/ol/s16]//

/=Leave - this is inherits the course template.

=[G/BrownEdu/GISP-Application/Demo/GISP_Fusion_Law_Code/Week/Template/0.md]
